well I'm here at the offline TV house
right now joined by two guys who are
entirely behind the scenes I don't think
you ever see these people I've never
watched any content that hasn't anything
to do with them
mark Zimmerman and you just go by széll
yeah so okay there's like I don't know
but Zell I want to go by Josh Kim
anymore because fly quests team managers
also josh kay so apparently that's been
taken yeah congratulations on the new
gig thank you so anyway no let's talk a
little bit because obviously I think a
lot of people are very familiar with
SCARA and pokey and those guys but you
guys make appearances in content I'm
sure a lot of times people are like who
are these people
well so skaara and I go back a little
bit where he was a pro player when I was
getting started as an analyst on a team
so we like bumped into each other a
couple times at the LCS studios and then
he quit being a player and a coach and I
quit being a coach and we both started
doing more like analysis stuff so we
started pairing up more and then when
you started making this house for other
content we were already good friends at
that point yeah and so what what are you
guys is because you guys are talent but
then it sounds like you guys do stuff
behind the scenes we're scar yelling in
the background right now I'm sure
whipping some employees or something but
what's your involvement Josh yeah so me
mark and fed kind of make up the
production side of offline TV so part of
our roles is kind of being the creative
directors for the thing like we we come
up with a lot of the concepts we try to
figure out the logistics for how to make
the shoots work yeah and you know in
particular mark and fed and work really
hard on the post-production side and you
know try to get content as fast you know
fast as possible we're still working on
that part but you know it's a work in
progress but you know we're happy with
the results so far so given that you
guys are the creative lines for this
stuff which one of you came up with the
idea of trying to figure out which legal
legends or hearthstone characters Skaar
would have sex with because I think that
that's some of your best content so the
way offline TV actually worked to give
you a little bit of a history lesson was
Josh and I weren't a part of it when
they were initially doing it because it
was just the people in the house right
and Josh Lana lived with them and they
have been living together for about
three or four months and hadn't put a
video out because they were just really
struggling with like the actual process
of doing this kind of stuff and it was a
nice idea but they didn't have anyone
who was like no this is how it's gonna
work shut up listen to this stuff so
when Josh
they eventually at you know we decided
to come to an agreement at we would help
them with this stuff and Josh and I kind
of had to like push a bunch of stuff
through to get stuff moving and they had
already shot a lot of stuff so the the
legal legend Smasher pass was actually
shot before we were brought on but it
did great and so of course we had to
bring it back once toast during the
house in a hearthstone video very good
and so and it's a very popular piece of
content for you I guess a lot of people
want to know about who people would have
sex with an animated gaming world Travis
so remember how we were talking before
off-camera like you need to work on how
to get views you need clickbait you need
lowbrow humor you are trying way too
hard do less okay yeah we need a Travis
version of who you know which esports
pro would you have sex yeah okay well
that's that's not coming to the channel
anytime see unfortunately but yes I know
I could probably get a lot of views that
way okay so what has this experience
been like and how long have you guys
been working on it so we probably got
started July well we we joined a month
before the fuse because we joined and we
had to like like I said we got to start
pushing stuff through we were like
listen it doesn't matter if you don't
have a Twitter page yet get a video out
stop delaying things stop coming up with
the reasons why stuff can't come out
yeah so like offline had started a
little yeah like he said before we even
joined and they had videos that they
filmed and edited and just haven't put
out there and then we got on board and
we're like no no we're just gonna push
this out so that's where I don't
yeah sponsored okay don't do too much I
don't want to lose my monetization right
right my bad yeah so it was just like a
little bit of paralysis for like they
wanted it to be good and they were kind
of overthinking things so like once
things started going and the contents
are doing well and getting hundreds of
thousand views they're like alright
we're doing fine so there was a little
bit of that at the beginning and that's
well since I would have to check when
the channel came out yeah about half a
year yeah yeah what's the what's the
experience once you got going what's the
experience of being a part of this been
like for you guys I mean it's been a lot
of fun I've learned a lot just about
YouTube in general and sort of the
tricks of the trade we spend a lot of
time looking at our analytics and kind
of what the behavior of viewers are like
on YouTube and we've learned a lot and
we we're continually adjusting based off
of what we learn
we've done some clickbait we've done so
you know we've tried a lot of things
we'll continue to do that right I think
you know you're much in the same boat
we're like your content is more about
like what an esport viewer will enjoy
versus like how do I get people to click
in and like how do I retain viewers and
like these are the kinds of things that
we're tackling and it's very different
from what were you soon personally I
just love learning how to do things and
getting more on the production side and
like the content lead of like coming up
with ideas and getting them from
ideation to execution is something that
I have really enjoyed off this project
any crazy moments anything that stands
out on working behind the scenes on any
of these shoots because you get it seems
like there's something it's it's like
every shoot there's some ridiculous
that like is going horribly wrong or
horribly right like memory cards
breaking in the middle like we lost like
a whole camera because of that stuff so
like the cars getting lost yeah like
production is always I mean it's just
generally really tough as everyone's
listening in now on what about what
about working with the folks because the
production is hard but any crazy stories
involving any of the the folks because
they're there's a pretty zany group of
people right like I've known a lot of
them for a long time there are some of
the most unique people you will probably
ever meet so any crazy stories involved
with that
you know honestly Josh and I probably
two of the worst people to ask about
because we don't live in the house so I
feel like a lot of the crazy that
happens we're like Timmy's pooping on
the ground everywhere and like stuff is
breaking and their landlords crazy and
the neighbors like breaking into the
house and like yelling at them that
they're create like crazy stuff has
happened but we have usually not been
there for so you can ask them maybe
about some of those yeah okay
yeah cuz when I answered the door when
the door was answered for me to come
here
Lillie peach you answered it with a
spear in her hand so like I just I
assume it's gotta be an interesting gig
alright other than that you know any
ideas or things that you can tease for
the future of offline production well
I'm wearing a sweater that was kindly
gifted to us through our p.o box this is
not my normal attire
believe it or not yeah same with this
just a holiday unboxing video so that
should be coming out people you're
wearing that at the start okay we have a
lot of ideas that we want to pump out
like more creative ideas but as you can
probably tell like the scalability is a
bit of a concern and making sure we're
actually capable of shooting the content
so we're sitting on some ideas that we
definitely want to start working on but
until we feel like we can shoot it
correctly and get it done well I think
you know we're gonna stay within our
safety realm oh yeah well there's one
idea I think Mark is hinting at in
particular that we're both very excited
about I don't want to hype it up too
much for you guys but it's gonna be a
bang
what can you give a tease like what so
vague man something to get people to get
excited for this like I said this is
probably like pretty far out but if we
do this well it will like revolutionize
potentially how people do like IRL
streaming and stuff like that very
excited to find out what this could be
thank you guys so much for the interview
I won't take up any more of your time
happy holidays holidays well and does
anybody if you guys want to say anything
to anybody out there thanks for watching
offline TV videos means a lot to us when
we started we were like yeah if we can
get like a hundred thousand subs by the
end of the year we'll be super happy and
we're double that and yes it's going
great
very good well thank you guys so much
for the interview and for everyone else
you can check out the rest of my
coverage of all things East what's up
it's not really a sports all things
about whose car and everybody wants to
have sex with right here on my youtube
channel we learned you have to start
with something in the title slate also
all God wants Cara wants or Travis wants
to banks Cara and then like mark and
Zell interview yeah you you put the
ridiculous thing up front and then the
boring after
thank you everyone for the support I
hope you enjoyed that interview I really
appreciate all the support that I have
gotten from folks over the past couple
of weeks and if you'd like to support me
you can do so over at Travis CARICOM
slash support